+++
title = "Our Leaders"
weight = 1
+++

Our Leaders Stephen Tan profile picture. Stephen Tan Senior Pastor & Morning
Church Pastor

Email: pastor@regeneration.org.au Regular Day Off: Thursday View Bio

Stephen is the Senior Pastor of Regeneration Church Monash. He has a heart to
see the regeneration of Monash and seeks to make disciples in Monash, Melbourne,
Australia, and to the ends of the earth. After planting Regeneration Church in
2017, Stephen is keen for “Regen” to be a church planting church.

Stephen is also passionate about gospel collaboration and helped start Together
for Clayton and Beyond with other pastors in Clayton to serve Clayton/Monash
through prayer, partnership and planting. Stephen is also a Catalyst with City
to City Australia seeking to facilitate movements of the gospel in Melbourne’s
South East through church planting, church revitalisation, building networks and
training. Stephen is also passionate about training and has trained pastors and
leaders in Australia, India, Malaysia and Singapore.

Stephen is married to Kallie, and they live with their sons, Austin & Kieran and
dog Cloud. Stephen grew up in Malaysia and his favourite food is Char Kuey Teow.
He is an avid Liverpool FC supporter. Stephen Tan profile picture. Paul McIntosh
Night Church Pastor

Email: paul@regeneration.org.au Regular Day Off: Wednesday View Bio

Paul serves as the Pastor of Regeneration Monash’s Night Church. Paul is married
to Sharon and they have an adult daughter. Paul completed his Master of Biblical
Exposition at Moody Bible Institute, Chicago and was first ordained as a pastor
in Beacon Baptist Church, Syracuse, New York. Paul grew up in Melbourne but
spent many years in Malaysia and America. Paul has an electrical engineering
background and has engineering management and project management qualifications
and experience. He enjoys walking with Sharon and their chocolate labradoodle
named Boaz, and telling Dad jokes to whoever will listen.
