+++
title = "Our Values"
weight = 3
+++

# Purpose & Mission

We believe that Jesus has made the purpose and mission of every Christian and
every church clear in Scripture, so there is no need to reinvent the wheel. Our
purpose and mission can be summarised by The Greatest Commandments (Matt
22:36-40) and The Great Commission (Matt 28:19-20). As a church we strive to
live our lives around the Commandments and the Commission.

- Love God (Matt 22:36-40)
- Love Others (Matt 22:36-40)
- Make Disciples (Matt 28:19-20)

# Core Values

As a church, we seek to live in accordance with our core values. This means we
seek to be a community that is:

## Gospel Centred

Tim Keller says that the gospel is not the ABCs of the Christian life but the
A-Z of the Christian life. The gospel is important not just for our
justification at the moment of conversion, but also for sanctification, becoming
more and more like Jesus until the day we die and go to be with Jesus in glory.
That means that we never “graduate” from the gospel. It is always central to the
Christian life. The gospel is the fountain from which all doctrine and Christian
practice spring. We aim to keep the gospel the main thing.

## A Transcultural Community

The glorious, ultimate picture of the church that we see in Revelation (7:9-12)
is a people of God from every nation, tribe, people and language. The amazing
thing is that we don’t lose our unique culture and language and become
assimilated into a heavenly monoculture. Each tribe and people’s culture and
language is preserved in the midst of a mosaic of heavenly culture. We see unity
in diversity. We believe that the local church should be a foretaste of heaven.
If the ultimate church in heaven is a movie, then the local church should be a
trailer. To this end, we want to pursue a transcultural community. A community
that reflects and embraces the diversity of its context, but the power of the
gospel transcends it and creates one new community in Christ. This is
particularly relevant in our context which SBS names the most ethnically diverse
suburb in all of Australia.

## Missional

Charles Spurgeon famously said, “every Christian is a missionary or an
imposter”. This does not mean that every Christian should quit their job and
travel to a faraway land to proclaim the gospel. Instead, it means that every
Christian should be obedient to the Great Commission to make disciples of all
nations. Every disciple of Christ should be a disciple maker. It is our hope
that as we proclaim this gospel in the city of Monash that many would repent and
put their faith in Jesus and be reconciled to God.
